what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and welcome to the episode for recap of
the l word generation cue this recap is
full of spoilers so if you didn't know
now you do it's the morning after for
bet and her still married boo thank
felicity and the post-coital bliss is at
an all-time high their sensuously eating
fruit and giving each other the sexy eye
when Felicity drops the dreaded what are
we question on an unprepared bet that
swerves the inquiry like the
professional [ __ ] way she is and then
they do the nasty not long after the
hoedown vet is doing some publicity work
and realizes she accidentally took
Felicity's phone which means Felicity
has hers PR Queen Danny to the rescue
Danny tells bet she knows about her
indiscretion and although she
disapproves she offers to retrieve vets
phone from Felicity at the drop Danny
essentially tells Felicity to kick rocks
because that is too busy making the
world a better place and too important
to be caught up in a cheating scandal
Melissa T admits that she's in love with
vet and Danny's like Danny returns
Beth's phone but then gives her a piece
of her mind do you have any idea how
many people are working their asses off
just to get you elected I am acutely
aware of it then why are you running
what's the [ __ ] point and then that
drops this season's worst kept secret
turns out the internet was right and big
sister kit did in fact OD on heroin and
even though I was 97 percent sure this
was the case it still sucked to actually
hear it come out of vets mouth
[Music]
speaking of bets mouth
it seems that Felicity was instrumental
in helping that process kids death which
is why it's so difficult for her to end
their affair but PR machine Danny
doesn't give a damn she demands that
that choose between felicity or her
campaign we are then blessed with
another heart-to-heart between Bette and
Shane this episode and I am living for
this enabling friendship
it's Shane's birthday and the two are at
Shands place pre-gaming with a little
ganja bet gets high super fast and
unwittingly reveals to Shane that she
and Felicity are still sleeping together
although Bette is definitely not in love
with her Tina the missing half of BB&T
and Angie's other mommy sent birthday
flowers - Shane this episode normally I
wouldn't mention something so small but
all these little Tina reminders are
starting to add up and feel purposeful
fast-forward to Shane's v-day party
Danny decides this is the perfect time
to further harass bet about felicity
surprisingly that plays it cool and
tells Danny she's decided to end things
with felicity and Danny skips away
happily Alice is taking a fashion risk
and channeling her inner big bird
because a reporter from the LA Times
will be following her around all day for
a lifestyle profile piece
The Times reporter sets up a photoshoot
at Alice's office and gg NAT and the
kids join in the fun the reporter
confuses GG for Alice's partner as well
as mistaking NAT for the kids nanny once
the misunderstanding is cleared up the
reporter interviews them and asked NAT
how do you and Alice maintain a healthy
work-life balance
- which NAT responds I'm not sure we do
needless to say Alice is not a fan of
Nats answer after the photo shoot Alice
fake smiles her way through a bickering
meeting with Drew the TV reporter who
was forced upon her by
Network Alice is scheduled to interview
Jeff Milner who you'll remember is best
political opponent in the mayoral race
drew wants Alice to ask softball type
questions about horses and high school
superlatives while Alice would rather
ask more hard-hitting questions about
feminism and the lack of diversity on
Milner staff Alice starts by taking it
easy on Milner before going off script
with a question about feminism that
somehow leads to her
the finding vets honor and
trustworthiness which will most likely
come back to bite her in the ass with
the workday finally behind her Alice is
ready to party she and NAT get super
drunk at Shane's bday bash and Matt
confesses that she wants to have sex
with GG and Alice at the same time Alice
and GG are completely on board in in a
move that shocks absolutely no-one the
three sneak off and do the nasty it's
Shane's 40th and almost everyone has
texted to wish her a happy birthday
except the one person she really wants
to hear from on a happier note the
renovation of Shane's new bar is finally
complete she unveils the name to Alice
and Bette and I don't know about you
guys but I wasn't ready perhaps feeling
the gratitude of having survived for
decades living a lifestyle that would
have killed most people into Shane
finally signs those pesky divorce papers
from t-ara it turns out the reason for
their split was that t-ara wanted kids
and Shane didn't that sex if you watched
last week's episode you'll remember that
Shane in a moment of weakness had sex
with bartender Lina in Shane's wine cave
slash office
well Lina definitely remembers she
spends the entire episode chasing after
Shane because we all know Shane has that
good good Lina's a poor girlfriend Tess
is understandably upset by this and at
Shane's party things come
ahead Lina admits to sleeping with Shane
and tests dramatically walks out things
are still a bit tense between the couple
at the beginning of the episode danny is
acting all emotionally distant and
Sophie's annoyed but despite the fact
that Danny is super rich and can afford
a couples therapist they decide to
continue with their do-it-yourself
approach Danny confesses that she's
afraid Sophie will cheat on her because
when they first met sophie had a
girlfriend and once a cheater always a
cheater
as proof her love is steadfast Sophie
gives Danny her great-grandmother's ring
and Danny's like I'll give you your ring
later micah is m.i.a for most of the
episode but he does attend Shane's party
he shows up with his tinder hook-up and
not long after Jose arrives and things
get awkward fast Micah confronts Jose
about his date ditching wishy-washy ways
and demands to know how Jose feels about
him in a move straight out of the Bette
Porter handbook aptly titled pimpin
ain't easy
Jose swerves the question which is Micah
against the wall and they do the nasty
our girl Finley is once again
waking up in the arms of her Savior
Rebecca Finley not unlike myself
continues to make terrible jokes about
Rebecca's profession and Rebecca wonders
if Finley will ever get over it because
Rebecca is starting to have real
feelings for her after drinking her
weight in alcohol at Shane's party
Finley decides to tell Rebecca that
she's also catching feelings not long
after a drunk and misguided Finley shows
up to Rebecca's house and tells her that
she's okay with Rebecca being a priest
because Rebecca's not a quote-unquote
real priest Rebecca does not take this
very well
Finley also tells Rebecca that she's in
love with her
the damage is already done and Rebecca
asked her to leave and that is the end
of the recap thank you guys so so much
for watching I honestly love making
these videos and I'm thrilled that you
guys enjoy them as much as you do so if
you haven't already don't forget to
subscribe and if you like the video do
me a huge favor and smash the thumbs up
button for me and I will leave you guys
with a sneak peek of next week's episode
[Music]